You guys in the last video explain how pagination works in this video we're going to create a category
component and implement pagination inside it.
Let's start by it or how shall we know in our angular Amazonas directory and then type in and regenerate
component category then we're anti-circ
here.
If you imported the category component and declare it as a rock and set the path ID will become the
route parameters to what parameters can be retrieved using the angular actuator package.
Let's take a look at an example.
Run of categories slenderly 6 will result in the parameter ID 36.
Now let's open up category component
inside the category component of important to the router from router press a service it a Cirus and
instant she didn't install a constructor.
We've also created the category ID where both you use the starter category ID from the router.
Category where both should be used to start category information and the pitch wearable which you'll
be use to start a page that the user is currently on
and only Niedermair will be run every time the page is visited inside it to check if the parameters
have change if there are permanent change the category IAB will be updated and get products recalled
for a category component to be using a pagination setting of 10 address per page.
The local Geter gets the lower limits of the results and forgetter gets our upper limits of the results.
We're here you have to get method inside it.
We've declared the option of parameter event event passing the function as an argument.
The category information will be clear and set the link.
We have the category ID rule as well as the pitch where table says pagers on the server site begin with
zero and the pages are at.
If one Kapish number requested from the server should be the current pished number on.
At minus 1 for example when we see the pitch one is on our app the pitch is there in the API should
be zero.
Now let's open up category component here.
Here you've created a category section which contains a container that contains the message and the
loading spinner
will hear.
Quit hating texting displayed no paradox in that category.
The category has been loaded and there are no products.
Is that a category.
Here we've created a different it will only show when the category information is loaded and there's
producta instead of category inside it.
We have the category name limit upper limit and a total paradox and set a category.
We also have the details of the products in that category.
We also have angular bootstrap pagination.
Over here the collection size is set to category for the products.
The pitch size is set to 10 Khurram pitches mounted to pitch.
When the pitch change is Angle angular bootstrap you get the paradox again.
This video of the category component.
Now let's take a look at what is beaute let's make sure that no one is running in it.
Open up our app Let's go to the categories page let's go to cats here and see the products that are
inside cats in the nets we do we will set our product component.